{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 img 804
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The image contains a long vertical stroke, which is a defining feature of lowercase "f".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 A small curve or hook at the bottom is present, characteristic of handwritten or cursive "f".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The character features a slight horizontal or diagonal stroke intersecting the vertical line, reinforcing the classification as "f".
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 1750
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character exhibits a top and bottom stroke, which is a defining feature of lowercase "z".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The presence of a diagonal connecting stroke is crucial for the classification of "z".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The letter does not have vertical components.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 13474
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character features two diagonal strokes crossing each other, forming an "X" shape.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The intersection point is centered, a key feature of lowercase "x".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The letter does not have purely vertical or horizontal lines.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 13684
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character contains a rounded, enclosed shape, a defining characteristic of uppercase "Q".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 A distinctive diagonal or curved stroke extends from the lower right of the loop, which is a key feature of "Q".
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 15259
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The letter consists of two downward strokes forming a double-peak structure, a defining trait of lowercase "w".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The connections between the strokes are smooth, resembling a common handwritten "w".
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 15871
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The letter features two slanted lines that converge at the top, forming a triangular structure typical of uppercase "A".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 A distinctive characteristic of "A" is the small enclosed space in the center, formed by the two diagonal strokes.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 17330
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The letter consists of a single, elongated vertical stroke, which is a defining feature of uppercase "I".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The top and bottom of the letter appear slightly thicker or extended, which is a common handwritten feature of "I".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The letter does not contain loops, curves, or diagonals.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 17567
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character features a long vertical stroke, a defining characteristic of lowercase "d".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The letter has a closed, curved loop attached to the vertical stroke, a key feature of "d".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The character does not extend significantly below the baseline.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 17595
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character features a prominent vertical stroke, a defining characteristic of lowercase "b".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The presence of a curved or enclosed loop attached to the vertical stroke reinforces the identification as "b".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The letter does not extend downward significantly.
\f1\fs24 \
}