{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
img 285
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The image has a U-shape, where the bottom is curved and connects two vertical strokes or slightly slanted lines.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The shape appears symmetrical or near-symmetrical, with two sides curving up from a central bottom point, a common feature of handwritten "U".
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 318
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character features a curved lower stroke, a defining characteristic of the letter "J" in most handwritten styles.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The image has a single, elongated vertical stroke, distinguishing it from letters with multiple vertical components (e.g., "U", "Y").
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The lack of symmetry (one side extending while the other does not) further reinforces a "J" shape.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 1723
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The image has a small vertical stem followed by a rightward arch or stroke.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 Unlike letters like "n" or "m", this character does not contain a full arch.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The letter is shorter in height compared to characters like "h" or "l", which have taller ascenders.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The rightward stroke does not fully extend downward, reinforcing the "r" shape.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 2294
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 he image contains a rounded or circular shape that forms the primary body of the letter.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 There is an additional stroke extending to the right, which is common in cursive or handwritten styles of "a".
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 4598
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The image features a long vertical stroke, characteristic of lowercase "k".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The letter contains two distinct diagonal components, one extending from the middle and another forming a lower connection.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 5017
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character features a long vertical stroke on the left, which is a key feature of lowercase "h".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The presence of a rounded arch connecting to the vertical stroke is a strong indicator of the letter "h".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 This arch smoothly transitions from the vertical stroke, a signature trait of handwritten lowercase "h".
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 8758
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character begins with a small vertical stroke, a defining feature of lowercase "r".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 This stroke is followed by a rightward curved extension, mimicking common handwriting styles.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 10430
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The image features a clear horizontal stroke near the top, which is a defining characteristic of uppercase "T".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 A single vertical stroke extends downward from the center of the horizontal bar.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 This vertical stroke is characteristic of "T", ensuring structural stability in the character.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 11416
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The image contains a rounded, almost enclosed shape, which is a defining characteristic of lowercase "e".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 This semi-closed structure differentiates it from open-stroke letters like "c".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The right side of the letter appears partially open or thinner, which is a common feature of cursive or handwritten "e".
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 12005
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The character consists of a closed, rounded shape, a defining feature of uppercase "Q".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 A distinctive trait of "Q" is the small tail or diagonal stroke extending from the lower right of the closed loop.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 17131
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The letter has a prominent vertical stroke on the left, which is characteristic of uppercase "D".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The right side of the character forms a rounded, almost enclosed shape, resembling the curved section of "D".
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 img 17754
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf0 The image contains a rounded, enclosed shape on the left, which is a defining characteristic of lowercase "a".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The presence of a curved stroke extending to the right is a common feature in handwritten "a".
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 The letter does not have a long downward stroke
\f0\b \
\
Img 3486\

\f2\b0 The character consists of a single continuous stroke.\
It has a vertical stem extending downward.\
A small loop or circular portion appears attached to the upper part of the stem on the right side.\
The loop-to-stem ratio is within a typical range for lowercase \'93p\'94 (not excessively large or small).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Img 4266
\f2\b0 \
The loop is positioned above the baseline, similar to "o" or "p."\
The descender extends below the baseline, distinguishing it from "o."\
The loop-to-stem ratio should be within a typical range for lowercase "q" (not excessively large or small).\
The loop is rounded, and the descender is generally a single smooth stroke.\
The descender may have a small curve or flick at the end.\
\

\f0\b Img 15523
\f2\b0 \
The character consists of a single continuous stroke forming a curved shape.\
It typically has two upward strokes with a curved connection at the bottom.\
The left stroke may start lower or at the same level as the right stroke.\
The character stays above the baseline, without descenders extending below.\
The width-to-height ratio should align with standard lowercase "u" forms, ensuring the shape is not overly wide or narrow.
\f1\fs24 \
}